# CloudNative.TV Working Group 03/30/2021

## Facilitator : Kat Cosgrove ([@katcosgrove](https://github.com/katcosgrove))

## Scribe:  POP ([@danpopsd](https://github.com/danpopsd))


## Who joined:
- Kat Cosgrove ([@katcosgrove](https://github.com/katcosgrove))
- POP ([@danpopsd](https://github.com/danpopsd))
- Bill
- Alison
- David McKay ([@rawkode](https://github.com/rawkode))
- Kaslin Fields
- Matt Stratton ([@mattstratton](https://github.com/mattstratton))
- Tim Banks

## Agenda:
 - Schedule -- Discuss Post Kubecon Launch and why we are delaying.
 - Git Repo/Docs -- Complete (wrap it in a :ribbon:)
 - Logo's Showcase
 - Teaser Trailer update
 - Bill Update  (Kubecon Week Ask) Daily wrap up and each host can give a short preview of their show?  (logo and description )
 - Next Steps

## Notes:
 - Kat to finish up md to git transfer as docs as complete (1st iteration)
 - Launch things discussed.
 - Bill to add kubecon week to catchup.  looking for hosts for a daily recap show
